CASMCMS-9522: Improve CFS documentation (mainly options-related) (#6280)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/configuration_management/CFS_Global_Options.md

## Batcher maximum backoff

This option specifies the maximum number of seconds that the CFS batcher's back-off will reach.

* v3 name: `batcher_max_backoff`
* v2 name: `batcherMaxBackoff`
* Default: `3600` seconds

When all sessions are failing, CFS batcher will reduce the frequency with which sessions are created.
This back-off time will continue to increase up to this cap, and will reset to 0 when a new session is successful.

See [Automatic Configuration Management](Automatic_Configuration_Management.md) for more information on CFS batcher.

## Batcher pending timeout

This option specifies the maximum number of seconds that CFS batcher will wait for a new session to enter a running state before deleting the session and trying again.

* v3 name: `batcher_pending_timeout`
* v2 name: `batcherPendingTimeout`
* Default: `300` seconds

This retry helps manage rare communication errors that can cause sessions to be stuck in a pending state.

See [Automatic Configuration Management](Automatic_Configuration_Management.md) for more information on CFS batcher.

## Debug wait time

> **`NOTE`** This option is only available in the v3 CFS API.

> Any sessions that have failed while using the `debug_on_failure` option will wait for this many seconds before automatically terminating if the the completion flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any sessions that have failed while using the `debug_on_failure` option will wait for this many seconds before automatically terminating if the completion flag
```

Author: Good catch, @haasken-hpe !

is not touched.

* v3 name: `debug_wait_time`
* Default: `3600` seconds

## Default Ansible configuration

The name of the Kubernetes ConfigMap in the `services` namespace that contains the
Ansible configuration to use for CFS sessions when none is explicitly specified.

* v3 name: `default_ansible_config`
* v2 name: `defaultAnsibleConfig`
* Default: `"cfs-default-ansible-cfg"`

See [Configure Ansible](Configure_Ansible.md) for more information.

## Default batcher retry policy

The default batcher retry policy is the maximum number of failed configuration attempts allowed per component before CFS batcher will stop attempting to configure the component.

* v3 name: `default_batcher_retry_policy`
* v2 name: `defaultBatcherRetryPolicy`
* Default: `3` attempts to configure a component

This value can be overridden on a per component basis.

See [CFS Components](CFS_Components.md) for more information on per-component retry policies.
See [Automatic Configuration Management](Automatic_Configuration_Management.md) for more information on CFS batcher.

## Default page size

> **`NOTE`** This option is only available in the v3 CFS API.

> When list listing component, session, or configuration records, CFS will by default return a maximum of this many records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When listing component, session, or configuration records, CFS will by default return a maximum of this many records.
```

Author: Another good catch!

* v3 name: `default_page_size`
* Default: `1000` entries in the list

> If the `limit` parameter is not specified in the call, then the default page size is what will be used for the maximum number of records returned in one call.

Reviewer: Suggested rewording:

```suggestion
If the `limit` parameter is not specified in the call, then the maximum number of records returned in one call is equal to the default page size.
```

Author: I like it!

See [Paging CFS Records](Paging_CFS_Records.md) for more information on paging.

This parameter has a secondary purpose in the v2 API.

> Calls that exceed this number of records will instead return an error stating that the response is too large.

Reviewer: I would suggest being extra clear that this behavior is specific to CFS v2.

```suggestion
In CFS v2, calls that exceed this number of records will instead return an error stating that the response is too large.
```
